ordered by Heinrich Chevy Lindh in
Rochester New York and driven by Watkins
Glen walk of fame inductee Gary Morgan
this 1967 Camaro is the 17th
pre-production z28 built to kick off
Chevrolet's official SCCA trans-am
racing program during its three years
with Morgan at the will the car set both
1967 and 1968 Watkins Glen speed records
collected 11 victories and two second
place finishes claimed an Seca area 11 a
sedan championship and was bestowed with
fourth place honors in the Finger Lakes
region as CC a Northeast Division as is
often the case with successful
Motorsports campaigns major publicity
led to major sponsorship and this
historic f1 eventually headlined a trio
of TV commercials which aired there in
both a 1968 presidential debate in the
1969 Apollo 11 moon landing today
authenticated by both Gary Morgan and
well-known Camaro authority Jerry McNish
it's a 100% correct restoration of a
racing icon that is believed to be the
only complete pre-production Seca z28
ever publicly displayed after racing
under various drivers and getting lost
in the sands of time for almost 20 years
this one-of-a-kind Camaro was found
wearing 95% of its original paint and
one repaired quarter panel the cars new
owner initially looking for clean z28 to
restore as a semi daily driver
recognized its for period Kaltag as
something special and eventually
executed a high-quality frame off
restoration which accurately recreated a
1968 spec appearance when GM planned the
Camaro lon they decided Chevrolet's
reliable small-block 350 would be the
perfect base engine
unfortunately SCCA trans-am class
imposed a 305 cubic inch displacement
cap and Chevy's engineers had to quickly
create a suitable powerplant to coincide
with the cars launch their solution was
to build a track ready option package
around a tweet version of the brand's
tried-and-true turbofire 327 and the
result is this 302 cubic inch mil which
in addition to being original to the car
is thought to be the last prototype 302
in existence and the
only prototype 302 ever display to the
public the small box power flows through
a tough Muncie m22 four-speed
transmission to a curette 12-volt
positraction rear in turn stub courtesy
of a track tuned double-a arm front and
rear leaf suspension which combines
large diameter power brakes with a thick
front sway bar up fitted traction bars
and a fitted pandered bar and tight
manual steering all this expertly
restored muscle rolls on an era correct
set of 15 inch torque thrust II
magnesium wheels which are fitted with
1968 spec Goodyear tires
by now you've undoubtedly looked at the
pictures of the z28 sparse and well used
interior and put to rest any creepy
thoughts that this isn't a purebred race
car a complete roll cage wraps around a
tight fitting race bucket equipped with
both a four-point rjs racing harness and
a rare bowtie headrest to the right of
that bucket you'll notice a small fire
extinguisher components for the dry sump
oil system in a tough and durable Hurst
T handle shifter a curette heater and
radio delete dash hangs a second Gary
Morgan autograph between simple aluminum
filler panels from its iconic body to
its exceptionally rare engine this 1967
Camaro z/28 is a highly accurate piece
of Americana with the storied past a
prominent SCC a record and a
high-quality restoration it combines in
measureable historical significance with
unbeatable value for more information
call click or visit arc a motor
Charlotte calm